Clarify switch expression usage (#4887)
dart-lang/site-www: src/language/branches.md

### Switch expressions

A `switch` _expression_ produces a value based on the expression
body of whichever case matches. 
You can use a switch expression wherever Dart allows expressions,
_except_ at the start of an expression statement.

> Not all switch statments need to return a value into some expression statement.

Reviewer: Yeah, this sentence doesn't quite work. I would maybe do:

---

You can use a switch expression wherever Dart allows expressions. For example:

```dart
// TODO: Real examples...
var x = switch (y) { example code here... };

print(switch (x) { example code ... };

return switch (x) { example code ... };
```

You can't use a switch expression at the start of an expression statement. Instead, use a switch statement.

Author: I actually like the not-real examples here, going to leave them empty just quickly show the possible structures (until someone yells at me that that's horrible practice!)

> If your switch doesn't need to return a value into some expression statement,
> use a [switch _statement_](#switch-statements) instead of an expression.

Reviewer 2: **nit:** This is a little long, but could go as is.
```suggestion
Not all switch statments need to return a value into some expression statement.
If yours doesn't, use a [switch _statement_](#switch-statements) rather than an expression.
```

Author: Thanks Tony! Sounds good

### Switch expressions

A `switch` _expression_ produces a value based on the expression
body of whichever case matches. 

> You can use a switch expression wherever Dart allows expressions*, for example:

Reviewer 3: Is this asterisk intentional?

```suggestion
You can use a switch expression wherever Dart allows expressions, for example:
```

Author: It is 😅 I thought because it says "wherever Dart allows expressions" but then there's a caveat, "not in the beginning of an expression statement". Unless "wherever Dart allows expressions" already doesn't include expression statements?

```dart
var x = switch (y) { ... };

> print(switch (x) { ... };

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
print(switch (x) { ... });
```

return switch (x) { ... };
```

> *You _can't_ use a switch expression at the start of an expression statement.

Reviewer 3: How about this one?

```suggestion
You _can't_ use a switch expression at
 the start of an expression statement.
```

Author: Yeah that was the caveat, like before it said "this is possible..." and this is like "..._unless_...". Again, if that's confusing to you I might be wrongly assuming that normally expressions _can_ be used at the start of an expression statement, just not _switch_ expressions.
